Deepseek when it came out, it was a
great win for the United States. Imagine
if Deep Seek came out and it only ran on
Huawei. Could you imagine if QN came out
and it only worked on non-American tech
stack? Could you imagine if Kim came out
stack? And these are the top three open
models in the world today. It is
downloaded hundreds of millions of
times. So the fact of the matter is
American tech stack all over the world
being the world's standard is vital to
the future of winning the AI race. You
can't do it any other way. As you know
any computing platform wins because of
developers.
Yeah. And half of the world's developers
are in